hey guys how to from cooked on door so
time to finally review the Becker BK 15
that you guys have seen me do a couple
tests already with this we did remove
the coating on this one we remove the
coating on the 16 but I have to say
surprisingly enough I thought that this
one was with my least favorite of the
trio and for some reason it's my
favorite I think because a little it
feels a little bit lighter the blade
profile is a little bit different we do
have this nice sweeping tip here and
this is just a fast light blade now the
blade geometry on this is a little bit
better even though we do have a five and
a half inch blade a little bit larger
than its brethren overall length i think
is still under ten and a half inches
it's about 10.3 75 but the blade
geometry is amazing with its use some
nice slices real thin cuts right now
just really trying to shave very thin
not trying to bite into the wood very
hard and it's just an awesome blade
effortless now just doing some simple
push cuts with these because you know a
night this size that's going to be the
primary use for it is doing just normal
slicing now this would be an awesome
hunting blade it's a little bit big for
some of you folks in that regards I know
so many military guys might like the
look of it for a Friday night but I
think if you want something a bit more
stout in regards to that oh yeah I love
it good stuff and this is Hickory folks
but it's tapered down pretty thin with
this tapered edge right here and it's
really high grind uncle Ethan did a
magnum camp knife with assistance of
Jerry Fisk and it is just the dynamic
duo of knife designs really loving this
same grades I tell handles as previous
models of courses this come with khaki
as well you guys if you can see the
coating of course I can't really
complain about the coding right now
because I've removed from this knife but
I needed to remove it from this knife
but we will be giving this one away so I
hope you guys want to modify to one of
course uncle Ethan loves it when we
modified it is knives so you know once
you get this you might want to polish it
up and do something cool with it just
throw it up on blade forms on the k-bar
becker neck and tool manufacturing form
anyway the sheets all the same
great-great codorus sheath we have our
Molly strap able again to put this on
a belt and take it off without removing
our belt and all in all it is a great
setup now the price point for some
people were there little concerned
regards to that normally this thing goes
for about 107 110 bucks that's the MSRP
but these are going online right now for
about seventy six bucks so a little bit
more expensive than some of the other
things that BK to the BK to you can find
for anywhere from 58 to 62 bucks online
so some people are concerned with that
you get more knife for your money but
something like this is again pretty cool
so check it out hey guys that are from
equipped on door people you questions or
comments please email me at adam at
eclipse intercom you guys take care be
safe out there remember you're not
always prepared you're never repaired
thanks